[Identity] Updating msal-node, and re-enabling the DeviceCodeCredential cancel() test (#14881)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.0.0-beta.3 (Unreleased)

> - Updated the `@azure/msal-node` dependency to version `^1.0.2`, which fixes the `DeviceCodeCredential` cancelation.

Reviewer: "fixes the `DeviceCodeCredential` cancelation" does not tell what the original problem was.

```suggestion
- Updated the `@azure/msal-node` dependency to version `^1.0.2`, which allows cancelling of an ongoing `getToken()` operation on `DeviceCodeCredential`.
```
